# Stock-Trading-Application
Capstone Project for IFT 401

**Problem Statement:**
Develop a stock trading system to help train stockbrokers on how to buy and sell stocks in a simulated real-world setting. The stock trading system will support two types of user accounts: customers and administrators. Customer accounts will be able to buy and sell stocks at market rates, monitor their portfolios, and view their transaction history. While administrator accounts will be able to create stocks, set initial market prices, and edit the market schedule.

**Technology Solution:**
 	 Our stock trading system will accomplish these requirements by creating a web application to host the end-user graphic interface for users to conduct their stock trading practice. The functionality of the stock trading web application will be assisted by the implementation of several core backend functions. The first of these core functions will be a login/signup function for admitting and registering user and administrator accounts within the web application. The second core function will allow users to buy and sell stocks at current market rates to aid in simulating the real-world stockbroking experience. This second core function will be supported by two functions to manage the depositing and withdrawing of cash to and from customer accounts. The last core set of functions that will be added is the suite of administrator functions needed to create stocks and manage the market schedule. This set includes functions to create a new stock and add its relevant attributes, edit market hours, and change the market’s days of operation. The functions discussed, and the end-user web application will be supported by a database to hold all the attributes and data associated with the web application's accounts, stocks, and market schedule. Finally, the web application, supporting back-end code, and its database will all be hosted using the cloud via Amazon Web Services. The web application’s front-end will be hosted on a static S3 bucket, the back-end code on AWS Lambda, and the database will use Amazon RDS.   
